More Analytics.js cleanup (#7682)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/querystring.md

| `ajs_prop_<property>` | A property to pass to the Track call.    | This won't implicitly trigger an event and is dependent on you also passing `ajs_event`. This property is included in the resulting Track call. |
| `ajs_trait_<trait>`   | A trait to pass to the Identify call.    | This won't implicitly trigger any call and is dependent on you also passing `ajs_uid`. This trait is included in the resulting Identify call.   |

> For example, this URL would create the following events on the page:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, this URL creates the following events on the page:
```
